README.md, before:

# Keira3

[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/azerothcore/keira3/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/azerothcore/keira3)
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/azerothcore/Keira3/workflows/main/badge.svg)](https://github.com/azerothcore/Keira3/actions)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/azerothcore/Keira3/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/azerothcore/Keira3)
[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/azerothcore/Keira3/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/azerothcore/Keira3/)
[![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/francescoborzi/ngx-duration-picker/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/francescoborzi/ngx-duration-picker?type=dev)
<a href="https://www.paypal.me/francesco92dev" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-ff3f59.svg"/></a>
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/217589275766685707.svg)](https://discordapp.com/channels/217589275766685707/536630256048799744)

## [Keira3 Website](https://www.azerothcore.org/Keira3/)

![Keira3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/azerothcore/Keira3/master/screenshot.png)


Cross-platform desktop application featuring a **Database Editor** for the [AzerothCore MMORPG framework](http://www.azerothcore.org).

With Keira3 you don't have to know the SQL language in order to change contents: it will generate the SQL queries automatically for you. The SQL code will be displayed, so you can **learn**, and then you can **copy** or **execute** it directly to your database.

Made with ❤ and [TypeScript](http://www.typescriptlang.org/), [Electron](https://electronjs.org/), [Angular](https://angular.io/), [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/).

## Support us

You can support the Keira3 development by [donating with PayPal](https://www.paypal.me/francesco92dev).

## Inspired by

We created Keira inspired by the old [indomit's Quice/Truice](https://github.com/indomit/quice) database editor, and by the [Discover-'s SAI Editor](https://github.com/jasperrietrae/SAI-Editor). Our primary goal was to provide an editor with the same features that was cross-platform, so we built it as a web app.

Keira3 is the direct successor of [Keira2](https://github.com/Helias/Keira2). We kept the cross-platform promise as well as adding the possibility to execute the generated queries and simplifying the application setup.

## AzerothCore Database

In order to use Keira3 you have to connect to an instance of the [AzerothCore](https://github.com/azerothcore/azerothcore-wotlk) Database.

If you don't have any, you can easily create one following [this guide](http://www.azerothcore.org/wiki/database-only-quick-setup).

Alternatively, you can use a public database of AzerothCore with read-only access. Details [here](https://github.com/azerothcore/forum/issues/84).

## How to install Keira3

To use Keira3, you don't need to install any dependency. Just [download](https://github.com/azerothcore/Keira3/releases) and run it.

If you are using Arch Linux you can find the package on [AUR](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/keira3/)

## How to run Keira3 in development mode

### Dependencies

**Note:** these are the dependencies if you want to run Keira3 in development mode. If you just want to use Keira3, download it from the [releases page](https://github.com/azerothcore/Keira3/releases).

You need to first install [node](https://nodejs.org) in order to have `npm` available in your system.

Install dependencies with npm :

``` bash
npm install
```

If you want to generate Angular components with Angular-cli , you **MUST** install `@angular/cli` in npm global context.
Please follow [Angular-cli documentation](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) if you had installed a previous version of `angular-cli`.

``` bash
npm install -g @angular/cli
```

Only for **Windows**, install windows-build-tools as administrator:
```
npm install --global-production windows-build-tools
```
This installation will take time and probably your PC will **reboot** during the installation.

### Build

To run the app in local development with hot reload:

```bash
npm start
```

More commands:

|Command|Description|
|--|--|
|`npm run ng:serve:web`| Execute the app in the browser with hot reload (NOTE: no Electron/Node lib will work in this case) |
|`npm run build`| Build the app. Your built files are in the /dist folder. |
|`npm run build:prod`| Build the app with Angular aot. Your built files are in the /dist folder. |
|`npm run electron:local`| Builds your application and start electron
|`npm run electron:linux`| Builds your application and creates an app consumable on linux system |
|`npm run electron:windows`| On a Windows OS, builds your application and creates an app consumable in windows 32/64 bit systems |
|`npm run electron:mac`|  On a MAC OS, builds your application and generates a `.app` file of your application that can be run on Mac |
|`npm run test-ci`|  Run unit tests once |
|`npm run test`|  Run unit tests in watch mode |
|`npm run e2e`|  Run e2e tests. It requires to run `npm run build:prod` first |

**Note: Only /dist folder and node dependencies will be included in the executable.**

### Learn

- An overview of Keira3 internals is available [here](https://www.azerothcore.org/wiki/keira3-internals)

Commit message:

doc: windows 7 or older versions are not officially supported

README.md, after:

# Keira3

[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/azerothcore/keira3/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/azerothcore/keira3)
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/azerothcore/Keira3/workflows/main/badge.svg)](https://github.com/azerothcore/Keira3/actions)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/azerothcore/Keira3/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/azerothcore/Keira3)
[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/azerothcore/Keira3/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/azerothcore/Keira3/)
[![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/francescoborzi/ngx-duration-picker/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/francescoborzi/ngx-duration-picker?type=dev)
<a href="https://www.paypal.me/francesco92dev" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-ff3f59.svg"/></a>
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/217589275766685707.svg)](https://discordapp.com/channels/217589275766685707/536630256048799744)

## [Keira3 Website](https://www.azerothcore.org/Keira3/)

![Keira3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/azerothcore/Keira3/master/screenshot.png)


Cross-platform desktop application featuring a **Database Editor** for the [AzerothCore MMORPG framework](http://www.azerothcore.org).

With Keira3 you don't have to know the SQL language in order to change contents: it will generate the SQL queries automatically for you. The SQL code will be displayed, so you can **learn**, and then you can **copy** or **execute** it directly to your database.

Made with ❤ and [TypeScript](http://www.typescriptlang.org/), [Electron](https://electronjs.org/), [Angular](https://angular.io/), [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/).

## Support us

You can support the Keira3 development by [donating with PayPal](https://www.paypal.me/francesco92dev).

## Inspired by

We created Keira inspired by the old [indomit's Quice/Truice](https://github.com/indomit/quice) database editor, and by the [Discover-'s SAI Editor](https://github.com/jasperrietrae/SAI-Editor). Our primary goal was to provide an editor with the same features that was cross-platform, so we built it as a web app.

Keira3 is the direct successor of [Keira2](https://github.com/Helias/Keira2). We kept the cross-platform promise as well as adding the possibility to execute the generated queries and simplifying the application setup.

## AzerothCore Database

In order to use Keira3 you have to connect to an instance of the [AzerothCore](https://github.com/azerothcore/azerothcore-wotlk) Database.

If you don't have any, you can easily create one following [this guide](http://www.azerothcore.org/wiki/database-only-quick-setup).

Alternatively, you can use a public database of AzerothCore with read-only access. Details [here](https://github.com/azerothcore/forum/issues/84).

## How to install Keira3

To use Keira3, you don't need to install any dependency. Just [download](https://github.com/azerothcore/Keira3/releases) and run it.

If you are using Arch Linux you can find the package on [AUR](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/keira3/)

:warning: [Windows 7 or older Windows versions](https://github.com/azerothcore/Keira3/issues/2212) are not officially supported.

## How to run Keira3 in development mode

### Dependencies

**Note:** these are the dependencies if you want to run Keira3 in development mode. If you just want to use Keira3, download it from the [releases page](https://github.com/azerothcore/Keira3/releases).

You need to first install [node](https://nodejs.org) in order to have `npm` available in your system.

Install dependencies with npm :

``` bash
npm install
```

If you want to generate Angular components with Angular-cli , you **MUST** install `@angular/cli` in npm global context.
Please follow [Angular-cli documentation](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) if you had installed a previous version of `angular-cli`.

``` bash
npm install -g @angular/cli
```

Only for **Windows** ([Windows 7 or older versions](https://github.com/azerothcore/Keira3/issues/2212) are not officially supported), install windows-build-tools as administrator:
```
npm install --global-production windows-build-tools
```
This installation will take time and probably your PC will **reboot** during the installation.

### Build

To run the app in local development with hot reload:

```bash
npm start
```

More commands:

|Command|Description|
|--|--|
|`npm run ng:serve:web`| Execute the app in the browser with hot reload (NOTE: no Electron/Node lib will work in this case) |
|`npm run build`| Build the app. Your built files are in the /dist folder. |
|`npm run build:prod`| Build the app with Angular aot. Your built files are in the /dist folder. |
|`npm run electron:local`| Builds your application and start electron
|`npm run electron:linux`| Builds your application and creates an app consumable on linux system |
|`npm run electron:windows`| On a Windows OS, builds your application and creates an app consumable in windows 32/64 bit systems |
|`npm run electron:mac`|  On a MAC OS, builds your application and generates a `.app` file of your application that can be run on Mac |
|`npm run test-ci`|  Run unit tests once |
|`npm run test`|  Run unit tests in watch mode |
|`npm run e2e`|  Run e2e tests. It requires to run `npm run build:prod` first |

**Note: Only /dist folder and node dependencies will be included in the executable.**

### Learn

- An overview of Keira3 internals is available [here](https://www.azerothcore.org/wiki/keira3-internals)
